Clarify limited vendor config capability (#45)
mozmeao/platform-docs: docs/l10n/configuration.md

In order for a Fluent file to be extracted through automation and sent out for localization, it must first be configured to go through one or more distinct pipelines. This is controlled via a set of configuration files:

- [Vendor](https://github.com/mozilla/bedrock/blob/main/l10n/configs/vendor.toml), locales translated by an agency, and paid for by Marketing (locales covered by staff are also included in this group). 

>     - **Note:** The automation will always trigger all locales on the vendor side. Changes to this config file will not be applied by vendor.

Reviewer: Just an idea for wording, given I'm not exactly sure if that's smartling/api limitation, or more likely just the moz-l10n tooling caveat:

```suggestion
    - **Note:** Automation always submits all vendor locales at once for paid translation. Exclusions in the configs currently do not have any effect.
```

Using a combination of vendor and pontoon configuration offers a flexible but specific set of options to choose from when it comes to defining an l10n strategy for a page. The available choices are:

> 1. Staff locales.

Reviewer: Realistically there's no "staff" locale (the devil is in the details, but…); and hasn't been for long time, so I'd suggest dropping that for clarity:

```suggestion
```

(NB: There's currently no way to configure that. Only option is hard-coding the content in templates, outside of l10n tooling — which sounds like out of scope of this article anyway.)

2. Staff + all vendor locales.
3. Staff + vendor + pontoon.

> 4. All pontoon locales (for non-marketing content only).

Reviewer: Given exclusions are currently not working in the tooling, once the language is defined in `vendor.toml` for the whole of l10n content, I'm afraid there's not a way to override that further to e.g. allow "some" German content to hand off to community at Pontoon. TBF the Firefox.com project on Pontoon does not even have German activated, so I think the last option listed as "all pontoon" is also not feasible currently, so I'd list them as:

```suggestion
1. No localization exposed (e.g. by only limiting to `en-US/*.ftl` file locally, instead of source `en/*.ftl` sent for translation).
1. All vendor locales.
1. All vendor locales + subset of pontoon locales.
1. All vendor locales + all pontoon locales.
```

> When choosing an option, it's important to consider that vendor locales have a cost associated with them, and pontoon leans on the goodwill of our volunteer community. Typically, only non-marketing content should go through Pontoon for all locales. Everything that is marketing related should feature one of the staff/vendor/pontoon configurations.

Reviewer: And a note about responsibility:

```suggestion
When choosing an option, it's important to consider that vendor locales have a cost associated with them, and pontoon leans on the goodwill of our volunteer community. Exposing strings that only end up used in two or three vendor locales costs the same as having them translated in all the paid-for languages. Similarly, exposing a string to several dozen volunteer languages in case such content will never be shown in these locales (e.g. elements for pages with limited locale enablement) triggers unnecessary work from our contributor communities.
```
